Right.
Ah.
Kill it.
If you do not quickly force people into the enlightened body out three tablets.
Will die.
Mr. Ip was insulted by my disciple just now.
Only the girl wearing your amulet is safe today.
You will surely kill it.
But please save me.
Vacation Explained
I have to take a leave of absence.
Ugly thank you.
The time for the Dragon King's equipment has come.
Later he should take out the Slaughterhouse.
Then find another excuse.
The jade statue of Buddha was deliberately sold to the Qin Dynasty.
It is also the grace that is taken away.
Kill him!
Under the Gratitude of the Family
It is a pity that they are obedient to the queen.
Could I ask you to buy it outside three days ago?
Speaking of family, you started three days ago.
Mr. Ip is bothering you.
It's a pity, don't worry.
You and I are both good money.
Home is my business.
Yes.
I can't believe this guy actually has two brushes.
Chen Tiansheng could do nothing.
He managed to solve it in a few seconds, and this was the real genius.
It's much stronger than that Chen Thien.
You really can't compare.
Mr. Ye, thank you very much.
No need for guests.
You and I are good friends.
Help me get a leave of absence.